# PINNs-Preparatory-
Comparison of machine learning techniques to classical differential equations solvers

Comparison has been done for 4 ODEs and 4 PDEs. All infromation about code and dependencies have been given in the comments.
Hardware information has been only shown in File "ODE1 Stiff Van Der Pol oscillator". Same Hardware has been used throught the analysis in all file.

Each file is designed as Following:
- Description of Differential Equation with Formula and Description of Code (Markdown)
- Numerical Solution of equation using Scipy or Numpy.
      * Bunch of graphs have been generated for different parameters
      * Final graph has been generated with optimal parameters
      * In some cases, graph also compares numerical solution with exact solution
- Description of Code while applying PINNs Method (Markdown)
- Graph has been generated by applying PINNs method
      * Normally one Graphs shows the comparison between exact solution and PINNs solution
      * In some cases, Second graphs shows the loss during training and testing at different steps
- Code is also measuring the computation time before plotting graphs.
- Lastly some random experiment has been carried just for extra information(i.e. Parameter Tunning, Graph Decoration,etc).

All the files follows above order most likely.
In some cases, markdown are not added when it is obvious(i.e. Simple first oder ODE).
In some cases, some extra grpahs and Normal NN have been performed, as it is needed (i.e. Stiff ODE)
In some cases, there is only shown the similarity between the solution of numerical methods and PINNs (i.e. Diffusion Equation, 2D poisson Equation)
